I'm happy to do so and I'll say I'll say
it again it's very clear my answer we
don't target journalists we target Hamas
and we had three examples now where
Hamas used communication facilities on
the top of buildings where journalists
were we surgically hit the target we
wanted to hit not targeting the
journalists at all I spoke yesterday to
a journalist who told me that the floor
above him was attacked why did we do it
and I said why don't you go upstairs and
have a look at the structures but come
on rockets don't stop at a roof if you
say the antennas on the roof you know
you've got the intelligence that
journalists were all over that building
all inside it's never gonna be precise
enough that you can't stop injuring
people below the roof and that's exactly
what happened eight people were injured
one person have their leg blown off you
have to accept that fact as far as I
know no foreign journalists were heard
whatsoever you can correct me if you
know different information that we were
surgical that we took out the target
that we wanted to talk out mister why
they know journalists were injured it's
all over the world media today in every
single country they're pictures of the
journalists who are you cannot sit there
and say no journalist was injured those
are the facts in this S right eight
German where one person now that their
leg blown off that is a fact you can't
argue with that oh you're talking about
I first of all maybe we have a
discussion about who is a journalist and
if you'll allow me I will elaborate on
this there is the al-aksa station which
is a station that is a Hamas command and
control facility just as in other
totalitarian regimes the media is used
by the regime for command and control
and also for security purposes from our
point of view that's not a legitimate
journalist like an Al Jazeera journalist
or a BBC journalist appreciate foreign
journalists in that building there were
foreign journalists in buildings near to
that building
let me remind you let me remind you so
when others whom were hurt what are you
saying that a local Arab journalist life
is any less than an international
journalist
first of all let's agree that no
international journalist will kill them
you haven't answered my question mr.
records are you saying lying of local
Arab journalists are worth any less than
international journalists and sky the
BBC al Jazeera CNN etc please answer the
question I have I have yes I will answer
unequivocally unconditionally no we see
all journalists says legitimate people
we know Israel unlike the country where
you're broadcasting from Israel has a
Free Press we pride ourselves on having
an open and free democracy it is very
press is very aggressive we respect the
free press there's not a question of
Israeli targeting journalists I don't
think how you could seriously raise this
issue at all once again if you can bring
me someone who's a bonafide a journalist
who was injured are you so much in the
cell you seem to be saying that the
Palestinians can't have that free press
- is that what you're saying if you
think L AXA is a free peut press then
you think tasks in the former Soviet
Union is a free press let's be serious
sir for a moment if you don't mind we
are being serious mr. Ragab the fact is
those journalists were injured whether
they're international or local
journalists they were injured in that
attack by an Israeli airstrike those are
the facts
in fact now just tell our viewers mr.
Ragab what is now the idea No
let's let's let's let's just let's just
stick to this point what is now the
official Israeli response to the fact
that journalists were the local or
international were injured in this
attack will Israel apologize for the
injuries caused in this attack Israel
Israel does not target journalists and I
think there are very legitimate
questions about Comus using journalists
as human shields
why did Hamas put its command and
control and its communications equipment
inside buildings where they know
journalists were sitting they were
deliberately putting those journalists
in danger deliberately using them as a
human shield which is of course you know
a war crime you're not allowed
is a file it's accumulated area it's a
highly populated air but look let me
remind you journalists are not armed
combatants they have a job does that I
gave you the freedom to ask this to
answer let me just give me the freedom
to ask the question those journalists in
Gaza have a job to get the story out so
please let's just wrap this up explain
to the millions of people watching
al-jazeera now why Israel targeted
exactly the same building when you knew
yesterday that eight journalists were
injured in the same buildings yesterday
you clearly are targeting the media
aren't you you're shooting the messenger
no Trudeau that's totally incorrect sir
right okay mark regular spokesperson for
the Israeli prime minister thank you
very much for talking to Al Jazeera